assignments.md, before:

## Programming Assignments and Project

There will be 2 individual assignments and 2 group assignments. The second group assignment is also the final project of the course.

- **Github:** Each student creates and maintains a **private** github repository which is used for the report and the individual assignments. At the end of the semester your individual repo will contain the folders

        Report
        Assignment1
        Assignment2

  Moreover, each group creates a private group repo shared among group members and with the instructor.
  - Filenames are part of the specification. **Do not change specified filenames** (automated testing may be performed).
  - Sharing code for assignments is **plagiarism**. So be careful that your repo is private.
  - All students of the group as well as the instructor should be collaborators on the group repo.
  - If you are stuck on your work, commit and push what you have to git and ask me a question. Your instructor can then inspect your code on Github and give you feedback.
  - Make good use of git. Commit and push regularly. Typically, **you would commit and push after having implemented and tested a new function**. You need to create a trail of your work. It is not enough to submit complete solutions. I need to be able to see the progress you are making over time. **There will be at least a 10% penalty for not respecting these instructions**. 
  - As git has version control, do not create different files/folders for  different versions of the same source code file. One can always go back and look at the history to access previous versions. **Always use meaningful commit-messages** that help to navigate the history. 
  - To collaborate on the same file, consider using branches (eg one for each student). **Do not make copies of the same file**: Branches allow collaborators to work on the same file independently. Branches can then be merged later again. 
  - Do not commit machine generated files. Use a [.gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) file.
- **Partial credit:** The default is that programs that do not run get no credit. 
  - If you think that you put in a lot of effort but just couldn't get it to work use the critical appraisal get in touch and make your case. 
  - If you know that your program does not pass certain tests, write about it in the README (see next item). You may lose more points, if you try to hide known bugs. 
- Each assignment should be accompanied by a `README.md` containing a summary of the following information. Group members and their email addresses, a description of which parts of the assignment you have accomplished and where you run into difficulties, how you tested your programs.
- **Late Submission:** We know that students have many deadlines, but we don't know when these deadlines are. If you can explain why you are late and show that you started in time (via work committed to git), you can ask for a deadline extension (before the deadline).

Commit message:

simplify some language, add some emphases, and add Git cheat sheet link

assignments.md, after:

## Programming Assignments and Project

There will be 2 individual assignments and 2 group assignments. The second group assignment is also the final project of the course.

- **[GitHub:](https://github.com)** Each student creates and maintains a **private** GitHub repository which is used for the report and the individual assignments. At the end of the semester your individual repo will contain the folders

        Report
        Assignment1
        Assignment2

  Moreover, each group creates a private group repo shared among group members and with the instructor.
  - Filenames are part of the specification. **Do not change specified filenames** (automated testing may be performed).
  - Sharing code for assignments is **plagiarism**. So be careful that your repo is private.
  - All students of the group as well as the instructor should be collaborators on the group repo.
  - If you are stuck on your work, commit and push what you have to GitHub, and pose your questions to the instructor. They can then inspect your code on GitHub and give you feedback.
  - Make good use of git. Commit and push regularly. Typically, **you would commit and push after having implemented and tested a new function**. You need to create a trail of your work. It is not enough to submit complete solutions. Your instructor needs to be able to see the progress you are making over time. **There will be at least a 10% penalty for not respecting these instructions**.
  - There are many Git(Hub) cheatsheets available online, such as the ['official' GitHub cheat sheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf). These will help you remember and become more fluent with the commands.
  - As git has version control, do not create different files/folders for different versions of the same source code file. One can always go back and look at the history to access previous versions. **Always use meaningful commit-messages** that help to navigate the history. 
  - To collaborate on the same file, consider using branches (eg one for each student). **Do not make copies of the same file**: Branches allow collaborators to work on the same file independently. Branches can then be merged later again. 
  - Do not commit machine generated files. Use a [.gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) file.
- **Partial credit:** The default is that programs that do not run get no credit. 
  - If you think that you put in a lot of effort but just couldn't get it to work get in touch and make your case. 
  - If you know that your program does not pass certain tests, write about it in the README (see next item). You may lose more points, if you try to hide known bugs. 
- Each assignment should be accompanied by a `README.md` file containing a summary of the following information: group members and their email addresses, a description of which parts of the assignment you have accomplished and where you run into difficulties, and finally how you tested your programs.
- **Late Submission:** Your instructor knows that you have many deadlines, but not when those are. If you can explain why you are late and show that you started in time (via work committed to git), you can ask for a deadline extension, **before the deadline**.
