participation.md, before:

# Participation

Participation is activity by students that helps to improve the course. 

10 participation points are available for the following:

- Attending a Fowler School of Engineering Seminar.[^seminars]
- Attending office hours.
- Participating on the Discord server of this course.

To make it transparent how participation points are awarded, there must be a document giving evidence of the value contributed by participation (each of the following being worth 2 points):

- If you attend an Engineering Seminar, write a discussion post on the Seminar channel of Discord (approx 200 words), summarizing the key content of the seminar (do not copy the abstract, it needs to be your own summary) and adding a question of your own. 
- If you attend office hours come prepared with an interesting question (about anything related to the course from a technical question to homework or the lectures to the ramifications of programming languages technology on the wider society). After the OH, write me an email summarizing briefly the key content of what we discussed.

This must be submitted **inside 24 hours**.

Participation points for other remarkable contributions may be awarded.

[^seminars]: Additional seminars might be announced as well.

Commit message:

Clarified wording for participation activities

participation.md, after:

# Participation

Participation is activity by students that helps to improve the course. 

In total, there are 10 participation points that can be obtained through a combination of the following activties. A single of those activities is worth 2 points:

- Attending a Fowler School of Engineering Seminar.[^seminars]
- Attending office hours.
- Participating on the Discord server of this course.

To make it transparent how participation points are awarded, there must be a document giving evidence of the value contributed by participation:

- If you attend an Engineering Seminar, write a discussion post on the Seminar channel of Discord (approx 200 words), summarizing the key content of the seminar (do not copy the abstract, it needs to be your own summary) and adding a question of your own. 
- If you attend office hours come prepared with an interesting question (about anything related to the course from a technical question to homework or the lectures to the ramifications of programming languages technology on the wider society). After the OH, write me an email summarizing briefly the key content of what we discussed.

This must be submitted **within 24 hours**.

Participation points for other remarkable contributions may be awarded.

[^seminars]: Additional seminars might be announced as well.
